docs: correction of github name (#1856)
ONEARMY/community-platform: CONTRIBUTING.md

Additionally if you have identified a bug you may want to write a test to make reproducible (and less likely to arise in the future). You can find more information to do this in the [Testing Bugs Wiki](https://github.com/ONEARMY/community-platform/wiki/Testing---Bugs)

We've also labelled some of the issues with _Good-first-issue_ to help you get started quickly.

> When you start working on an issue, comment on it or if your are a registered contributor assign yourself to let us know so we avoid working on something twice. The comment should include a mention to @thisismattia (our project lead).

Reviewer: **suggestion (blocking):** Thanks for raising this PR @osouthwell-scottlogic, I think an even better approval may be to swap this username reference (which can change over time) to use a GitHub team name instead which can be a useful alias for a larger rosta of folks. 
```suggestion
When you start working on an issue, comment on it or if your are a registered contributor assign yourself to let us know so we avoid working on something twice. The comment should include a mention to [@ONEARMY/maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/ONEARMY/teams/maintainers).
```
